okay so I'm just going to quickly show
you how to copy a screencast and show
that using the Android SDK I think so
first of all you need to obviously go to
google and if you type in into the
search bar just type in android screen
cast download and will be presented the
Beast obvious things can i use the first
one here there is some other links was
as if hogging you get from X developers
invincea but this one I'll just quickly
show you a way of just getting related
saving it directly so we'll go on to
voice screencast okay so and just figure
since the copra google com the page
there for a quick screencast you can
obviously see on the patient's asking
the requirements as the sdk but here you
can see there's a stolid from here or
you can go to get the job walls and spy
from there look at my prom but what i'm
going to do is if you just right click
on click here and then save target as
and then i'm going to say android screen
cast and we'll put it on the desktop you
can see there's probably already long
neck so we use it before yes okay so
we're just over in there so what we'll
do now this close like we need to me to
ruin a DB so to touch your handset make
sure it's in debugging mode okay arms
will go if you don't already have that
can unplug them yet in the menu that you
can just go to the larger bottom here
i'm just putting CMG letzte my comp and
bend it over okay suming your sucky all
right environment variables from the
last video posters showing you how to
install the sdk android sdk so what
we're going to do is we're going to 83
and then we're going to have a few vices
fast the server on it and looks for the
concepts and then we have it so there's
my as my device you can see that HT 241
ok so now the next thing all we need to
do this is close this window and there's
the file will be created and saved just
whip up some over and there you go if
your Android answer my connected handset
showing on the screen name and i'll do
i'll just open the screen now
screencasts just have a lower price
right so it can be a little bit slow at
times which will probably about this way
and there you go front to screen right
and to show you what load play store and
then we'll have it no matter average
screencast or easy